Baron Leigh
I now believe I am the woman I was 6 years ago
You two little bastards are worthless
But your organs are valuable
It must be sold at a good price, don't worry.
drive
Mom, wake up
I'm full, I'm full, I'm gone, don't be noisy
Aren't they next to me?
We should have been taken by Mr. Li for a parent-child test
Sure.
Bring the Four Treasures and Five Treasures and I will do a paternity test
Haven't you seen the Four Treasures and Five Treasures?
Without this stupid woman, she must have forgotten
What happened last night
In fact, the four treasures and five treasures disappeared in the middle of the night
I wanted to tell you.
But you slept too deeply.
Really, I shouldn't have drunk so much.
Something always happens